# Deferreds Basis: PPFCAP



## Male PPF Retirement Ages

## Female PPF Retirement Ages

Enter up to 4 different Normal Retirement Ages for PPF Valuations for
both males and females.

The relevant NRA can be selected in the PPF NRA (Levy Valuation) field
on the Slices or PUPS Tabs.

## Service Cap Start Date

The Service Cap Start Date is used to work out the pensionable service
in calculation of the long service cap increase. The use of this field
is dependent on the settings in the PPF Scheme Details.

## Service Cap End Date

The Service Cap End Date is used to work out the pensionable service in
calculation of the long service cap increase. The use of this field is
dependent on the settings in the PPF Scheme Details.

## Cap Offset

If an active or deferred member is already receiving a retirement
pension from this or another scheme, then the Compensation Cap at
retirement will be reduced to reflect this. Select from the drop-down
list the data item containing the percentage of the Cap already used.
SuperVal will then take account of this when determining any restriction
in benefits due to the Cap at future retirement ages.

## Pre 1997 Discontinuance Pension Increases

The PPF Benefit Cap can be applied to the Accrued Benefits in Non-PPF
Capped valuation runs. The Benefit Cap applied is that selected on the
Scheme PPF parameters adjusted by the Age Factor table and Cash Factor
table. Specify here the rate at which the Pre-1997 benefits will
increase.

Select from the drop-down list the Global Financial Parameter that
contains the rate applicable. Once selected, the current value of the
Global Financial Parameter is shown to the right of this field.

To add a new Global Financial Parameter use the _Edit Scheme Financials_
button at the bottom of this Tab.

## Post 1997 Discontinuance Pension Increases

The PPF Benefit Cap can be applied to the Accrued Benefits in Non-PPF
Capped valuation runs. The Benefit Cap applied is that selected on the
Scheme PPF parameters adjusted by the Age Factor table and Cash Factor
table. Specify here the rate at which the Post-1997 benefits will
increase.

Select from the drop-down list the Global Financial Parameter that
contains the rate applicable. Once selected, the current value of the
Global Financial Parameter is shown to the right of this field.

To add a new Global Financial Parameter use the _Edit Scheme Financials_
button at the bottom of this tab.

## Edit Scheme Financials

Clicking the Edit Scheme Financials button takes you to the Scheme
Financials menu.

Here you will be able to see a list of all the Financials that are
currently defined. Double-click on the tree to see an expanded list of
all financial assumptions that are defined.

Click the Add/Edit Financials to change the value of one of the
assumptions.

## Edit Scheme PPF

Clicking the Edit Scheme PPF button will take you to the PPF Global
Parameters Screen where these parameters can be edited.

## SaveAs

Click the _Save As_ button to save with a new file name.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.