# Deferreds Basis: Death



## Spouse's Reversion Death Before Retirement

Enter the spouseâ€™s reversion payable on death before retirement as a
percentage i.e. for 50% enter `50` not `0.50`.

## Death Cash Multiple

This field is used to value a lump sum multiple of the PUP payable on
death before retirement. Enter the multiple of PUP payable i.e. enter `5`
for 5 times the PUP.

## Add/Compare

SuperVal has the option to either Add or Compare the lump sum cash
benefits payable on death in deferment when a [Conts Data
Item](#deferreds_basis+dconts1) is valued.

Select Add from the drop-down list if the lump sum on death before
retirement is the sum of the multiple of PUP and the [Conts Data
Item](#deferreds_basis+dconts1) and [Plus Conts Data
Item](#deferreds_basis+dconts1) increased with interest.  
Select Compare from the drop-down list if the lump sum on death before
retirement is the greater of multiple of PUP and the contribution data
items increased with interest.

## Conts Data Item

## Plus Conts Data Item

These fields can be used to value an additional contribution item to be
paid on death in deferment. Select from the drop-down list the
appropriate data item. Once specified, you will be asked to enter the
[Conts Interest Rate](#deferreds_basis+idconts1) to be used.

If you only wish to value one cash lump sum to be paid on death, leave
the second item blank.

Please note that the standard item `ACW` is actually used to value any
underpin rather than a return of contributions. However, it can still be
used as a contributions item by selecting it here.

## Conts Interest Rate

## Plus Conts Interest Rate

This is the rate at which either [Cont Data
Item](#deferreds_basis+dconts1) or [Plus Conts Data
Item](#deferreds_basis+dconts1) will increase in deferment.

Select from the drop-down list the Global Financial Parameter that
contains the rate applicable. Once selected the current value is shown
to the right of this field.  

To add a new Global Financial Parameter use the _Edit Scheme Financials_
button at the bottom of this tab.

## Edit Scheme Financials

Clicking the Edit Scheme Financials button takes you to the Scheme
Financials menu.

Here you will be able to see a list of all the Financials that are
currently defined. Double-click on the tree to see an expanded list of
all financial assumptions that are defined.

Click the Add/Edit Financials to change the value of one of the
assumptions.

## SaveAs

Click the _Save As_ button to save with a new file name.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.