# NE Model



## New Entrant Proportions Table

Double click to select the Rate Table containing the New Entrant
Proportions Table.

### Related



-   [Selecting rate tables](selecting_rate_tables.md)

## Decr Help

Rate tables can be selected by any of the following methods:

-   Right-click on the field for a list of appropriate Rate Tables. For
    a field that will accept more than one type of Rate Table (e.g.
    Miscellaneous Tables), the list will be restricted to the current
    Table Type specified in the field â€“ if you wish to see all allowable
    Rate Tables, delete the Table Type from the field before clicking;
    or
-   Double Clicking on the field will produce the Rate Tables form where
    Rate Tables can be viewed (numerically and graphically) and Rate
    Tables can be added or edited. A Rate Table can be selected by
    pressing the Select button or double clicking on the Rate Table
    description in the tree; or
-   the list of allowable Rate Tables can be scrolled through by
    pressing the `<` or `>` keys. The description of the Rate Table to
    the right of the field will change as each new Table is selected.

## Age Rating

Any Rate Table can be rated up or down by a number of years as required
to make the rate at every age `lighter` or `heavier` than in the
original table.

A value of `+10` will result, for example, in the value selected for a
30 year old actually being the rate for a 40 year old and for a value of
`-5` would mean that the value at age 25 is selected.

If an age rating of a fraction of a year is required, a new table will
have to be created through the Edit rate table option on the Rate Table
form.

## Immediate New Entrants

As details of new entrant experience immediately after the valuation
date can be accurately known, you are able to specify a number of
immediate new entrants joining at the valuation date. These members will
be assumed to enter at the valuation date.

This number should include the replacement of any members that have been
valued outside the SuperVal system. Note that any members over normal
retirement age valued within SuperVal will be replaced immediately at
the valuation date by SuperVal.

## Membership Growth Vector

You must specify a vector of the growth or decline in membership of the
Scheme. New entrants are added at the start of each Scheme year, the
start of the first year being the valuation date.

The vector is related to the number of members valued in the group plus
the number of immediate new entrants specified. The first number in the
vector will represent the size of the Scheme at the end of the first
year, the second number representing the number of members at the end of
the second year, etc.

The last element of the vector is assumed to continue to the end of the
projection period.

## Indicator of Growth/Decline

The vector of growth can be specified as either:

-   a compound Growth Rate or
-   an Index of the Initial Membership (that is, the number of members
    valued plus any Immediate New Entrants specified).

## Allow Negative New Entrants

Check this box to allow for negative new entrants.

## Projection Term

The Projection Term of the New Entrant Model must be specified in years.

## SaveAs

Click the _Save As_ button to save with a new file name.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.