# SaveAs



## Parameter File

The name of the Parameter file into which the parameters will be saved.
This file is automatically given an extension of `.SF`.

Note that parameter sets that are stored at the Scheme level (that is,
all parameters other than category level `basis` details) can only be
saved in the Scheme Level Parameter file selected when logging on for
this session (and thus this field is disabled).

However, with parameter sets that are stored at the Category Level (such
as category-level basis details), any number of parameter sets can be
stored in a parameter file and there can be any number of parameter
files.

The preferred configuration is to have only one parameter file with
category level parameters but there may be situations where more than
one may be preferred.

For example, one parameter file might contain category level bases with
the previous valuation basis and bases with the new valuation basis in a
second file or bases for each actives category could be in one file and
another file could contain bases for each pensioners category (although
in both these examples all bases could be saved to the same parameter
file, if preferred).

## Edit Parameter File Description

If you wish to change the Parameter File description, check this box and
the Parameter File description field will be available to be edited.

## Parameter File Description

The description of the Parameters File used for identification.

This Parameter File description can be modified here when saving a
parameter set if the Edit Parameter File Description box is checked.

## Parameter Set Description

Specify a unique description of the Parameter Set.

Note that this is a description of the parameter set that is being
stored.

## Basis Identifier

This shows the category of data that the parameter set being saved or
edited is referring to.

## Replace Current Parameter Set

By using the `Save As` option, the description of a stored parameter set
can be modified.

Simply check the Replace Current Parameter Set option and the stored
parameter set originally opened will be replaced by the current
parameter settings with the revised parameter set description specified.

## OK

When you have finished entering the relevant information, click the _OK_
button to move to the next screen.

SuperVal will check that all of the required entries on the page have
been made. If additional fields require data SuperVal will show briefly
in red which is the first of these fields found on the page.

## Cancel

Clicking on the _Cancel_ button allows you to return to the previous
screen without saving any of your changes.