# Users



## User Name

To add a new user, type the new user’s name in this field. Other fields
on the form will take default values (which can be modified) and the
Initial Password field will appear. Once these fields have been updated
press the OK button. Press Cancel to abort adding the user.

To edit an existing user, select the user from the list. Update the
other fields as required and press OK. Press Cancel to abort changes the
user.

To delete a user, select the user from the list and click on the Delete
user button.

To clear a user’s password, click on the Clear Password button and the
user’s password will be changed to blank i.e. no password required.

## Access Level

The User’s Access level is used to control the user’s access to parts of
the system. The Access level must be equal to or greater than the Access
level protecting an area of the system for the user to be given access
to that part of the system.

## SQL Server Connection Name

Specify the User’s SQL Server Connection Properties

## Initial Password

When entering a new user, specify the User’s (case-sensitive) initial
password.

Passwords can be either mandatory or optional which is set as a System
Preference.

Passwords can subsequently be changed from the User Preferences form.

## Import Superval/21 Users

Clicking this button will import the current Superval/21 User
information.

## Delete User

The _Delete User_ button allows the currently displayed user to, after
confirmation, be deleted.

## Clear Password

The _Clear Password_ button will remove the current password set by the
user and allocate a new password (the user’s Nickname followed by
today’s date in DDMM form), or, if not mandatory, a blank password.

This may be used in the event that a user forgets his password. The user
can change the password on the User Preferences form.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.