# Maximum Service

## For users without Maximum Service or Maximum Service Table fields on the Death Pen Tab or IH Pen Tab

Enter the maximum number of year’s service that can count towards all
pension benefits.

SuperVal processes the Benefit Slices in descending number order. Each
Benefit Slice is cumulated to the last Benefit Slice. Therefore any
maximum service restriction will tend to apply to Slice 1, the future
service slice. Note that service on individual slices can either be
included or excluded in the maximum according to the setting of [Count
Towards Maximum Service](actives_basis+servindm.md) on the Slice Tab.
The service maximum specified will also apply where the Retirement Cash
Option is set to `Accrual × Salary for each
year`.

## For users with Maximum Service or Maximum Service Table fields on the Death Pen Tab or IH Pen Tab

Enter the maximum number of year’s service that can count towards
pension benefits. To use a Service Maximum Table, leave the `Retirement
Maximum Service` field blank. Double click for a list of available
tables.

SuperVal processes the Benefit Slices in descending number order. Each
Benefit Slice is cumulated to the last Benefit Slice. Therefore any
maximum service restriction will tend to apply to Slice 1, the future
service slice. Note that service on individual slices can either be
included or excluded in the maximum according to the setting of [Count
Towards Maximum Service](actives_basis+servindm.md) on the Slice Tab.
The service maximum specified will also apply where the Retirement Cash
Option is set to `Accrual × Salary for each year`.

The Maximum Service to apply for augmented death and ill health benefits
can be specified separately on the Death Pen Tab and the IH Pen Tab.
These fields will be used to determine the maximum augmented service for
these benefits.

Some fields are only available to some users.
