# Actives Basis: PHI



## Benefit Multiple

This field determines the percentage of salary used to calculate the PHI
benefit payments.

Enter the fixed percentage here e.g. for 50% enter `50`.

## Salary for PHI Benefit

Select the salary used for the calculation of the PHI benefits.

## Benefit Comparison

Set the PHI benefits to be a maximum or minimum of x% of salary and (y%
of salary less an offset).

## Offset Benefit Multiple

This field determines the percentage of the offset benefit that is used
to calculate the PHI benefit payments.

Enter the fixed percentage here e.g. for 50% enter `50`.

## Initial Offset Amount

Select a data item or enter a parameter to set the initial offset amount
e.g. LEL, State Incapacity benefit, etc.

## Salary for Offset Benefit

Select the salary used for the offset benefit.

## Male Ceasing Age

Enter the age when the PHI benefits stop and normal retirement benefits
come into payment from the Scheme.

## Female Ceasing Age

Enter the age when the PHI benefits stop and normal retirement benefits
come into payment from the Scheme.

## PHI Waiting Period

Specify the length of the period (in months) to allow for an initial
period during which the member receives full sick pay and is not in
receipt of PHI beneefits.

(In practice this is likely to be 3 or 6 months)

## Deduct Member Contributions from Benefit

Check this box to deduct the required contributions from the PHI
benefits received.

## Offset Increase

This is the rate at which the initial offset amount will increase.

## Timing of Offset Increases

Select from the drop-down list how the timing of the offset increase
should be applied. The options are:

-   Continuous
-   Review Date

If Review Date is selected then enter the day and month (DD/MM) the
increase is paid in the [Offset Increase
Date](#actives_basis+phioffrevd) field.

## Offset Increase Date

If the [Timing of Offset Increases](#actives_basis+phioffincind) has
been set to Review Date then enter the day and month of the increase
date. The date should be in DD/MM format.

## Notional Salary Increase

This is the rate at which the notional pensionable salary will increase.

## Timing of Notional Salary Increases

Select from the drop-down list how the timing of the offset increase
should be applied. The options are:

-   Continuous
-   Review Date

If Review Date is selected then enter the day and month (DD/MM) the
increase is paid in the [Notional Salary Increase
Date](#actives_basis+phisalrevd) field.

## Notional Salary Increase Date

If the [Timing of Notional Salary
Increases](#actives_basis+phisalincind) has been set to Review Date
then enter the day and month of the increase date. The date should be in
DD/MM format.

## Benefit Increase in Payment

This is the rate at which the PHI payments will increase.

## Edit Scheme Financials

Clicking the Edit Scheme Financials button takes you to the Scheme
Financials menu.

Here you will be able to see a list of all the Financials that are
currently defined. Double-click on the tree to see an expanded list of
all financial assumptions that are defined.

Click the Add/Edit Financials to change the value of one of the
assumptions.

## SaveAs

Click the _Save As_ button to save with a new file name.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.