# Client: Data



## Current Valuation Date

Enter the current valuation date. The date is expected in DD/MM/CCYY
format.

This date will be used as the date at which the valuation runs are
carried out. All data amounts in the data file will be assumed to be as
at this date.

The date will be included on the header of all outputs for this Scheme.

## Previous Valuation Date

Enter the previous valuation date. The date is expected in DD/MM/CCYY
format. This will be used for membership reconciliations, data
investigations and the AOS module.

## Main Actives Data File

Double click to select the member data file containing the Actives
Membership Data as at the [Current Valuation Date](#client+vdate).
The data file will have been created using the Data Build functionality
and have a .DAT extension and be stored in the Scheme Input Folder.

If you do not have any active members then leave this field blank.

## Format of Main Actives Data File

Double click to select the Data Format of Main Actives Data File. The
file will have a .FPF extension and be stored in the Scheme Input
Folder.

A data format is the saved parameters specifying the column
specification of each of the data items contained in the data file.

Data format descriptions are prefixed by an indication of the type of
format e.g. &lt;Act&gt; for Actives.

If you do not have any active members then leave this field blank.

## Main Deferreds Data File

Double click to select the member data file containing the Deferreds
Membership Data as at the [Current Valuation Date](#client+vdate).
The data file will have been created using the Data Build functionality
and have a .DAT extension and be stored in the Scheme Input Folder.

If you do not have any deferred members then leave this field blank.

## Format of Main Deferreds Data File

The Data Format of Main Deferred Pensioners Data File.

A data format is saved parameters specifying the column specification of
each of the data items contained in the data file.

Data format descriptions are prefixed by an indication of the type of
format e.g. &lt;Def&gt; for Deferreds.

If you currently have no deferreds data formats for this Scheme, you may
leave this field blank and select the data format subsequently once you
have created the data format.

## Main Pensioners Data File

Double click to select the member data file containing the Pensioner
Membership Data as at the [Current Valuation Date](#client+vdate).
The data file will have been created using the Data Build functionality
and have a `.DAT` extension and be stored in the Scheme Input Folder.

If you do not have any pensioner members then leave this field blank.

## Format of Main Pensioners Data File

The Data Format of Main Pensioners Data File.

A data format is saved parameters specifying the column specification of
each of the data items contained in the data file.

Data format descriptions are prefixed by an indication of the type of
format e.g. &lt;Pen&gt; for Pensioners.

If you currently have no pensioners data formats for this Scheme, you
may leave this field blank and select the data format subsequently once
you have created the data format.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.