# Deferreds Basis: Underpin



## Benefits Underpinned

Check this box to value an Underpin to the benefits. Leave unchecked if
the benefits are not underpinned.

## Underpin Commencement Date

If the Benefits Underpinned box is checked, and for deferreds only the
[Include in Underpin](deferreds_basis+undind.md) on the PUPs is set to
`Split According to Service`, then enter a Start Date for the Underpin
in DD/MM/YYYY format. If the Underpin has always applied simply enter a
date eg 01/01/1900 to ensure that all benefits are compared with the
Underpin.

**Actives** The user should select on each Slice whether or not the
benefits calculated should be compared to the Underpin calculated. The
Start Date for actives will also be used to determine the amount of GMP
to be included in the Underpin comparison. In determining the amount of
GMP included SuperVal will take account of:

-   Pre-88 GMP accruing between 6/4/1978 and 5/4/1988
-   Post-88 GMP accruing between 6/4/1988 and 5/4/1997. (Note 5/4/1997
    will always be used instead of the `Not After Date` on the `Offset
    Slice`.)

**Deferreds** Please note the standard data item `ACW` will always be
used as the value of the underpin fund as at the valuation date. No
other data item can be specified for the underpin for Deferreds.

## Underpin Interest (% p.a.)

For actives, the Underpin Comparison is made at the earlier of Death,
Withdrawal, Early and Normal Retirement. For deferreds, the Underpin
Comparison is made at the earlier of Death, Early and Normal Retirement.
This is the rate at which the underpin fund is increased while the
member remains in service/deferment.

Select from the drop-down list the Global Financial Parameter that
contains the rate applicable. Once selected, the current value is shown
to the right of this field.

To add a new Global Financial Parameter use the _Edit Scheme Financials_
button at the bottom of this tab.

## Edit Scheme Financials

Clicking the Edit Scheme Financials button takes you to the Scheme
Financials menu.

Here you will be able to see a list of all the Financials that are
currently defined. Double-click on the tree to see an expanded list of
all financial assumptions that are defined.

Click the Add/Edit Financials to change the value of one of the
assumptions.

## SaveAs

Click the _Save As_ button to save with a new file name.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.