# Edit Numeric



## Data Default Value

Specify the value of the Numeric Data Default that should be used for
the new entrants in the New Entrants Runs.

The user should specify the absolute value and the number of decimal
places to use.

If you wish to consider a member specific value for each member then
contact a member of the SuperVal support team for more information.

## Number of Decimal Places

In order to get the correct precision, you must specify the number of
decimal places to be displayed.

An input data field such as a Benefit Multiple will require a few
decimal places but an accumulation of contributions will be accurate
enough if rounded to the nearest pound. The Data File created will
contain the values entered into the Value field rounded to this number
of decimal places.

## Type of Numeric Data

The type field is a display only field reminding you of the type of the
numeric data item.

The distinction is only relevant for the New Entrant Model Replacement
when multiple members are assumed in the New Entrant Proportions. The
New Entrant Data Default for a `Total` Numeric non-standard data field
will be multiplied by the number of members whereas the `Average`
Numeric non-standard data field will not.

An example of a `Total` Numeric non-standard data field might be a
salary source item (as the total salary for the group of members is
assumed) whereas an example of an `Average` non-standard data field
might be an additional contribution rate (where the same rate applies
irrespective of the number of members).

## OK

When you have finished entering the relevant information, click the _OK_
button to move to the next screen.

SuperVal will check that all of the required entries on the page have
been made. If additional fields require data SuperVal will show briefly
in red which is the first of these fields found on the page.

## Cancel

Clicking on the _Cancel_ button allows you to return to the previous
screen without saving any of your changes.