# Expense Rates



## Scheme Fee

Scheme expenses can be expressed as a Scheme Fee which is then inflated
at a [Scheme Fee Inflation Rate](#expense_rates+expf).

The Scheme Fee will be split between different categories of active
members in proportion to their respective total salaries. Note, that
this Fee will remain unchanged (before inflation) irrespective of the
membership level and thus, for an open fund, is generally only
appropriate if a New Entrant Replacement Model is applied.

The [Member Fee (inflating per remaining
member)](#expense_rates+pmexp) can be used to represent a Scheme Fee
for an open fund where no replacement of members has been used. As the
amount for each member decreases each year as the member decrements but
the level of expense would (in theory) be maintained by new entrants to
the Scheme.

## Scheme Fee Inflation Rate (% p.a.)

This is the annual rate at which Scheme Fee will be increased.

Select from the drop-down list the Global Financial Parameter that
contains the rate applicable. Once selected the current value of the
Global Financial Parameter is shown to the right of this field.

To add a new Global Financial Parameter use the Edit Scheme Financials
button at the bottom of this Tab.

## Member Fee

Scheme Expenses can be expressed as a fixed amount (which is inflated at
the Scheme overall inflation rate) in respect of each `remaining` member
in the Scheme.

The inflating fixed amount per member is an attempt to represent a
Scheme Fee for an open fund where no replacement of members has been
used as the amount for each member decreases each year as the member
decrements but the level of expense would (in theory) be maintained by
new entrants to the fund.

## % of Company Contributions

Enter the Scheme Expenses expressed as a percentage of Company
Contributions. For 5% enter `5` not `0.05`.

Note, that the `% of Company Contributions` and the `% of Member
Contributions` fields can be used in combination to get a percentage of
total contributions.

## % of Member Contributions

Enter the Scheme Expenses expressed as a percentage of Membersâ€™
Contributions. For 5% enter `5` and not `0.05`.

Note, that the `% of Company Contributions` and the `% of Member
Contributions` fields can be used in combination to get a percentage of
total contributions.

## % of Salaries

Scheme Expenses can be expressed as a percentage of Members` salaries.
For 5% enter `5` not `0.05`.

## Edit Scheme Financials

Clicking the Edit Scheme Financials button takes you to the Scheme
Financials menu.

Here you will be able to see a list of all the Financials that are
currently defined. Double-click on the tree to see an expanded list of
all financial assumptions that are defined.

Click the Add/Edit Financials to change the value of one of the
assumptions.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.