# Pensioners Basis: Financial



## Post Retirement Interest Rate

This is the annual rate at which benefits will be discounted post
retirement.

Select from the drop-down list the Global Financial Parameter that
contains the rate applicable. Once selected the current value of the
Global Financial Parameter is shown to the right of this field.

To add a new Global Financial Parameter use the _Edit Scheme Financials_
button at the bottom of this tab.

For Active members, the user can select whether the Pre Retirement
Interest Rate or the Post Retirement Interest Rate is used for Accrued
Valuations and for discounting benefits post withdrawal in the
[Switch](actives_basis+swindic.md) field.

## Pre 1988 GMP

This is the rate at which Pre-1988 GMP benefits will increase in payment
annually.

Select from the drop-down list the Global Financial Parameter that
contains the rate applicable. Once selected the current value of the
Global Financial Parameter is shown to the right of this field.

To add a new Global Financial Parameter use the _Edit Scheme Financials_
button at the bottom of this tab.

## Post 1988 GMP

This is the rate at which Post-1988 GMP benefits will increase in
payment annually.

Select from the drop-down list the Global Financial Parameter that
contains the rate applicable. Once selected the current value of the
Global Financial Parameter is shown to the right of this field.

To add a new Global Financial Parameter use the _Edit Scheme Financials_
button at the bottom of this tab.

## Timing of Pension Increases

Select from the drop-down list how the timing of pension increases
should be applied. The options are:

-   Continuous
-   Review Date

If Review Date is selected then enter the day and month (DD/MM) the
increase is paid in the [Increase Date](#bases+incdat) field.

## Increase Date

If the [Timing of Pension Increases](#bases+incind) has been set to
Review Date then enter the day and month of the pension increase date.
The date should be in DD/MM format.

## Edit Scheme Financials

Clicking the Edit Scheme Financials button takes you to the Scheme
Financials menu.

Here you will be able to see a list of all the Financials that are
currently defined. Double-click on the tree to see an expanded list of
all financial assumptions that are defined.

Click the Add/Edit Financials to change the value of one of the
assumptions.

## SaveAs

Click the _Save As_ button to save with a new file name.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.