# PPF Caps Edit



## Applicable Date

Enter the date at which the Benefit Cap and factors are applicable. The
format must be DD/MM/YYYY.

## Cap

Enter the PPF Benefit Cap as at the Applicable Date specified in the
previous field.

Note that SuperVal will apply 90% to this figure.

## Age Factor

Double click to select the table containing the adjustment factors to be
applied to the PPF Benefit Cap for comparison with scheme benefits
payable at ages other than age 65 (including death in deferment
benefits).

### Related



-   [Selecting rate tables](selecting_rate_tables.md)

## Decr Help

Rate tables can be selected by any of the following methods:

-   Right-click on the field for a list of appropriate Rate Tables. For
    a field that will accept more than one type of Rate Table (e.g.
    Miscellaneous Tables), the list will be restricted to the current
    Table Type specified in the field â€“ if you wish to see all allowable
    Rate Tables, delete the Table Type from the field before clicking;
    or
-   Double Clicking on the field will produce the Rate Tables form where
    Rate Tables can be viewed (numerically and graphically) and Rate
    Tables can be added or edited. A Rate Table can be selected by
    pressing the Select button or double clicking on the Rate Table
    description in the tree; or
-   the list of allowable Rate Tables can be scrolled through by
    pressing the `<` or `>` keys. The description of the Rate Table to
    the right of the field will change as each new Table is selected.

## s143 Cap Increase

Enter the rate (in excess of inflation) at which the Compensation Cap
will increase in the future for non-pensioners as set out in the
guidance issued by the PPF. This is currently 1.5% (Guidance H4).

## Pre 1997 Cash Factor

Double click to select the cash factors to apply where schemes provide
retirement cash on-top of pension. (Cash commutation is ignored for PPF
Valuations.) The cash factors are used to convert cash into pension
(cash/factor) and then added to actual pension before comparing with the
PPF Benefit Cap.

The Cash factor should be in the same format as commutation factors,
i.e. `11` or `9` at relevant ages.

### Related



-   [Selecting rate tables](selecting_rate_tables.md)

## Post 1997 Cash Factor

Double click to select the cash factors to apply where schemes provide
retirement cash on-top of pension. (Cash commutation is ignored for PPF
Valuations.) The cash factors are used to convert cash into pension
(cash/factor) and then added to actual pension before comparing with the
PPF Benefit Cap.

The Cash factor should be in the same format as commutation factors,
i.e. `11` or `9` at relevant ages.

### Related



-   [Selecting rate tables](selecting_rate_tables.md)

## OK

When you have finished entering the relevant information, click the _OK_
button to move to the next screen.

SuperVal will check that all of the required entries on the page have
been made. If additional fields require data SuperVal will show briefly
in red which is the first of these fields found on the page.

## Cancel

Clicking on the _Cancel_ button allows you to return to the previous
screen without saving any of your changes.