# PPF Overrides: s143Parameters



## Specify post 1 May 2014 s143 Mortality assumptions

Check this box if you are running a post 1 May 2014 S143 Valuation.

Once checked, the user will be required to enter a Heavy and a Light
Mortality Table for use in the S143 Valuation and the appropriate
adjustment factors. These will only be used in S143 valuations with an
effective date after 1 May 2014. The central table will have been
entered above in the Male and Female Mortality Rate Fields. Together
these three tables will be used for male and female members based on
their pension in relation to the Compensation Cap as set out in the PPF
Guidance Notes. The S143 Heavy Table will be used for those with smaller
pensions, the Mortality Rate Table for those with mid-sized pensions and
the S143 Light Table for those with larger pensions. The split of
members into one of these three groups will be undertaken in accordance
with the guidance issued by the PPF.

Enter the adjustment to the table required in the `% Rating` field. To
reflect the current adjustment of 90% enter `-10`.

## s143 Heavy Male Mortality Rates

## s143 Light Male Mortality Rates

## s143 Heavy Female Mortality Rates

## s143 Light Female Mortality Rates

Double click to select one of the previously defined Rate Tables
containing the mortality assumption. The Rate Table will be a `D` Type
table (for non select rates) or a `DS` Type table (select rates).

### Related



-   [Selecting rate tables](selecting_rate_tables.md)

## Decr Help

Rate tables can be selected by any of the following methods:

-   Right-click on the field for a list of appropriate Rate Tables. For
    a field that will accept more than one type of Rate Table (e.g.
    Miscellaneous Tables), the list will be restricted to the current
    Table Type specified in the field â€“ if you wish to see all allowable
    Rate Tables, delete the Table Type from the field before clicking;
    or
-   Double Clicking on the field will produce the Rate Tables form where
    Rate Tables can be viewed (numerically and graphically) and Rate
    Tables can be added or edited. A Rate Table can be selected by
    pressing the Select button or double clicking on the Rate Table
    description in the tree; or
-   the list of allowable Rate Tables can be scrolled through by
    pressing the `<` or `>` keys. The description of the Rate Table to
    the right of the field will change as each new Table is selected.

## Age Rating

Any Rate Table can be rated up or down by a number of years as required
to make the rate at every age `lighter` or `heavier` than in the
original table.

A value of `+10` will result, for example, in the value selected for a
30 year old actually being the rate for a 40 year old and for a value of
`-5` would mean that the value at age 25 is selected.

If an age rating of a fraction of a year is required, a new table will
have to be created through the Edit rate table option on the Rate Table
form.

## % Rating

A percentage adjustment can be made to either a Rate Table or a Salary.

The Rate Tables can be adjusted by a percentage loading to make the
decrement rate lighter or heavier than the original table. The salary
for new entrants can be loaded to reflect changes in the salary profile.

Enter the number as percentage above 100% i.e. if a loading of 110% is
required then enter `10` or if a loading of 90% then enter `-10`. If no
adjustment is required then leave blank.

## SaveAs

Click the _Save As_ button to save with a new file name.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.