# Retirement Age



## Late Retirement Age

Enter the Late Retirement Age to use. This is the age at which all
members are assumed to retire from active service beyond normal
retirement age.

## Normal Retirement Age

Specify the Normal Retirement Age i.e. the age at which it is assumed
members will retire.

For actives where there is no Late Retirement Age and deferreds, the
decrements specified in the basis will affect the member up to the NRA
specified. On survivorship to NRA, all members will be assumed to retire
on the anniversary of the valuation date. Any withdrawal Pups will be
assumed payable from this age ( i.e. early retirements would be ignored
for withdrawals).

For actives where there is a Late Retirement Age, the decrement
specified in the basis will affect the member up to the LRA specified.
On survivorship to NRA, the proportion of members specified in the ER/LR
decrement will be assumed to retire on the anniversary of the valuation
date. Thereafter members will be assumed to retire on the anniversary of
the valuation date in line with the decrement table specified. On
survivorship to LRA, all members will be assumed to retire. Any
withdrawal Pups will be assumed payable from this age (i.e. early
retirements would be ignored for withdrawals).

State Pension Age (SPA) is automatically set by SuperVal to be 65 for
males and 60 for females. This will be the age at which the GMP will be
assumed to be payable (or NRA if this is later). The interaction between
NRA and SPA is illustrated below:

If NRA is less than SPA:

![](img/bm5.gif)

If NRA is greater than SPA then:

The Pension is immediately broken down in to its components of excess
over GMP, Pre-1988 and Post-1988 GMP. The GMP elements of the pension
will have late revaluation applied. The late revaluation will include
1/7% per week and increases to Post-1988 GMP. The rate at which the
Post-1988 GMP is increased depends on whether Statutory Increases are
applied.

Members who are over NRA (or LRA if specified) will be valued as
follows:


Actives

: Members who are over NRA will be assumed to retire immediately.


Deferreds

: Members who are over NRA will be assumed to retire immediately.

Please see the help for Early-Retirement Factors for how these will be
applied to members over NRA.

Note: The Late Retirement functionality is only available to some users.

## SaveAs

Click the _Save As_ button to save with a new file name.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.