# User Preferences



## Place Slice/PUP tabs after Benefit tabs

If this box is checked the Slices/PUPs tab will appear after the
Benefits tab.

## Use multiple rows to display all Basis tabs at once

Indicate if you want to display all Basis tabs at once.

## Preferred Help Format

Specify the preferred format for Help.

## Help File(s) Folder

To avoid people being unable to access the CHM file on a networked drive
we have enabled the CHM file to be stored locally. Enter the full path
name for the location where you would like to store a copy of the
SuperVal chm file. This will also enable actuaries within the
organisation to have access to the on-line help system.

## Preferred Access Provider

Users can now select their preferred Microsoft Access
Provider. Note that this is at User Level as the Microsoft Access Provider may differ at machine level. 

Leave it blank and SuperVal will determine which Provider is installed on the machine.

## Use SQL to create Access Data Tables

Within "User Preferences" Users can opt to use SQL to create Access Data Tables.

## Printer Currency Symbol

Enter the currency symbol to be used on Output.

## Text per Page

Specify the number of lines of Text per page you wish to appear on the
printed output.

## Page Width

Specify the maximum number of columns for the printed output. A minimum
of 132 columns is required for most output.

## Browser File History

Recent output files created or other files browsed in the Browser are
retained in a list for this Scheme.

With varying screen sizes, the number of filenames to be retained in the
Browser History list can be specified to ensure that the list does not
scroll off the screen.

## ASCII File Editor

Your can specify an editor program to be used to edit the text/ASCII
files from within the SuperVal Browser.

The complete path and filename must be specified.

## Message Display Time

Messages appearing with a progress bar (such as the Log Off message)
will be displayed for the period specified here (in seconds). These
messages can be cleared earlier by simply pressing the OK button.

This message display is also used for any Error messages resulting from
a valuation run in Unattended mode. This ensures that subsequent
valuations will be run rather than waiting for user intervention to
clear the error message.

## Change Password

Pressing the _Change Password_ button will present a form in which the
userâ€™s password can be changed.

Note that the User Preferences must be saved in order for the change in
password to take effect.

## Save

Clicking on the _Save_ button allows you to save the entries.

## Quit

Clicking on the _Quit_ button allows you to exit without saving any of
your changes.

In some of the screens you will be asked to confirm if you want to exit
_Ignoring all changes_. If you click _Yes_, the file will be closed
without saving any changes. If you click _No_ you will be returned to your
original screen.

From the Browser, the _Quit_ button will take you to a graphical display
of the results.